README.md, before:

Privacy Policy Generator

<a href="https://ramonriosjr.github.io/Privacy-Policy-Generator/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
<strong>🚀 View Live Demo</strong>
</a>




This is a simple, single-file HTML, CSS (via Tailwind), and JavaScript tool to help website owners generate a basic privacy policy draft. It provides a user-friendly form that covers common sections required in a privacy policy.

Features

Single-File: Fully self-contained in one .html file.

Rich Text Output: Generates formatted HTML (headings, bold, paragraphs) that you can paste directly into your site's editor.

Easy to Use: A simple form interface that dynamically generates the policy text.

Comprehensive Sections: Includes fields for:

Company & Website Information

Personal Information (PII) Collected

Non-Personal Information Collected

How Data is Collected

How Data is Used

Third-Party Data Sharing

Data Security Measures

Cookie Policy & Opt-Out

User Rights (GDPR/CCPA)

Children's Privacy (COPPA)

Policy Changes

Contact Information

Copy to Clipboard: Easily copy the generated rich text with a single click.

How to Use

Download: Get the index.html file from this repository.

Open: Open the file in any modern web browser.

Fill Form: Complete the form fields with your website's specific data practices.

Generate: Click the "Generate Policy" button at the bottom.

Copy & Paste: Review the generated text and click "Copy to Clipboard" to paste it into your website's HTML or text editor.

Need a Custom Tool Like This?

This free tool was built by the team at <a href="https://coqui.cloud" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><strong>Coqui Cloud</strong></a>.

We specialize in Odoo implementation, cloud solutions, and building custom web applications (like this one!) to automate your business and save you time.

Legal Disclaimer

This tool is NOT a substitute for professional legal advice.

The template generated by this tool is for informational purposes only and may not be legally compliant for your specific situation or jurisdiction (e.g., GDPR, CCPA, etc.). You are solely responsible for ensuring that your final privacy policy complies with all applicable laws.

We strongly recommend you consult with a qualified legal professional to review your policy before publishing it.

License

This project is open-sourced under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Change README from Privacy Policy to Website Disclaimer
Updated the README to reflect the change from a Privacy Policy Generator to a Website Disclaimer Generator, including modifications to features and usage instructions.

README.md, after:

Website Disclaimer Generator

<a href="https://ramonriosjr.github.io/Disclaimer-Generator/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
<strong>🚀 View Live Demo</strong>
</a>




This is a simple, single-file HTML, CSS (via Tailwind), and JavaScript tool to help website owners generate a basic Website Disclaimer. This is crucial for blogs or sites that provide information that could be interpreted as professional advice.

Features

Single-File: Fully self-contained in one .html file.

Rich Text Output: Generates formatted HTML (headings, bold, paragraphs) that you can paste directly into your site's editor.

Easy to Use: A simple form interface that dynamically generates the policy text.

Comprehensive Sections: Includes fields for:

Basic Website Information

General "Informational Purposes" Disclaimer

Errors and Omissions

"Views Are My Own" (for blogs)

Affiliate Link Disclosures

Professional Advice Disclaimers:

Not Medical Advice

Not Financial Advice

Not Legal Advice

Copy to Clipboard: Easily copy the generated rich text with a single click.

How to Use

Download: Get the index.html file from this repository.

Open: Open the file in any modern web browser.

Fill Form: Complete the form fields with your website's specific details.

Generate: Click the "Generate Disclaimer" button at the bottom.

Copy & Paste: Review the generated text and click "Copy to Clipboard" to paste it into your website's HTML or text editor.

Need a Custom Tool Like This?

This free tool was built by the team at <a href="https://coqui.cloud" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><strong>Coqui Cloud</strong></a>.

We specialize in Odoo implementation, cloud solutions, and building custom web applications (like this one!) to automate your business and save you time.

Legal Disclaimer

This tool is NOT a substitute for professional legal advice.

The template generated by this tool is for informational purposes only and may not be legally compliant or suitable for your specific business or jurisdiction. You are solely responsible for ensuring that your final Disclaimer complies with all applicable laws.

We strongly recommend you consult with a qualified legal professional to review your policy before publishing it.

License

This project is open-sourced under the MIT License.
